Add bibtex (#7)
snap-research/GiGL: README.md

You may still have unanswered questions or may be facing issues. If so please see our [FAQ]("todo") or our [User Guide]("todo") for further guidence.

## Citation

> If you use GiGL in a scientific publication, we would appreciate citations to [our paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2502.15054):

Reviewer: Should this be ?:
```suggestion
If you use GiGL in publications, we would appreciate citations to [our paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2502.15054):
```
